but what was it to begin with
david tennant michael sheen well that's
absurd
that's what i said i mean when in doubt
it's alphabetical order that is not a
rule
david john tennant you're going the
right way for a smacked bottom
he's been like this all the way through
judy now judy says here
your name came before steve coogans on
philomena yes before billy connolly or
mrs brown yes well they all come before
you alphabetically they do so why does
your name come first
i'm judy dench um what is the
significance of
and what do you mean gwyneth paltrow
joseph finds jeffrey rush
and judy dench well there is something
to be said for magnanimity
david tennant and
michael shea michael sheen with
david tennant lieutenant minus michael
sheen michael sheen
nevertheless david tennant david tennant
notwithstanding
michael sheen david tennant and martin
sheen
how about judy dench introduces michael
and david tennant that sounds right yeah
yep
[Music]
i remember being in a scrap about
billing once
how did you resolve it we had to recite
the quality of mercy from the merchant
of venice backwards
the first one to get a word wrong took
an item of clothing off
at the end a person left with no clothes
on at all got second willing
and and who won well i did of course but
um
it was a close thing oh i bet
you tried that uh
well david only ever wears that bloody
hoodie so you know it's not really fair
well somebody should take something off
anyway your name will be twice on the
post today because you wrote it what yes
and i'm directing it actually
any tips well you could try a good
warm-up game
really it's always good as well